Good morning, family. I'm excited to be
with you all again today. I have a word.
You know, I usually come on here and have
a lot of negative
words—what
people would call
doom and gloom. But today, I
have the opportunity to give you a
positive word, an uplifting word, an
encouraging word that people have
been believing for
decades and decades, maybe thousands of
years. You know, cancer has been
around for a long, long time.
The Lord spoke to me whenever I was
praying, and He opened my eyes
in the realm of the spirit.
He said, "Brandon, I'm
bringing the cure for
cancer."I
saw a man in a lab coat, and
he was pouring some stuff
in a jar. All of
a
sudden, Holy Ghost
revelation came to his mind, and he
saw it—whatever it
was, I don't know, I'm not a
chemist. He put it together, then he
looked at it underneath the microscope
and found it by the Holy Spirit.
The Lord spoke to me and said this
man is not even a born-again Christian.
He warned me and said,
"Brandon, I'm bringing this to
pass because people have cried out
to Me for a long time. They
have been believing for their relatives
and
people that have gone home too
early."This
has been a plague on
humanity, and the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm
bringing a cure for this."He said, "I'm
going to put My foot on this,
and it will become like
plagues of the past that were completely
eradicated,
things
we don't hear about anymore,
like leprosy
or
tuberculosis—things
that were very deadly in the
early 1800s
before they came out with the
vaccinations."Some
of
those
viruses
back then were very serious,
but
now,
with
antibiotics,
it's able to be taken care of a lot
easier. The Lord told me
this will be a preventative and a cure
at the same time. He said people can take
this and will never even have
it in their body, and the people that
have it will automatically be healed; it will
just leave them.
The way He presented it to me was
that
it didn't matter what kind
of cancer it was, it would be
gone. It wouldn't be a long,
drawn-out
process; it would just instantaneously
start to turn the ship around.
The
Lord said to me it would not be a
medication; it would be like a
supplement. That's how simple He said it
is.
He said, "Son, it's
something so simple coming from the earth."Whenever
they
put
these things together,
it will create the combination
that it takes for the cure.
It's
designed perfectly for it, but it's
divine from God. Does that make sense?
I'm
doing the best I can with this, but
what I saw in the spirit was
the Lord telling me that
cancer would become a thing of
the past. There would be
government things that would rise up
to try to stop it, but the
Lord would put His hand on it to stop
them because He said this has been
something that has been dealt with for
too long.
I was so
filled with
the Holy Spirit
whenever He gave me this word. I
couldn't wait to come on here and
tell you what the Lord is telling me
is coming for the world.
It's
because God so loved the
world that He gave His one and only
begotten son, that whosoever
believes
in Him should not perish but
have everlasting life. He gave salvation to
everybody. That's the way
God is—He's not just about Christians;
He's about loving everybody. He wants
everybody to
come to repentance so they don't
have to go to hell. Bottom line, folks.
He's not up
there with a big stick hitting people
in the head. He wants to
show you His love and His
kindness. He gave His son, who died
for us and rose again on the
third day, and He is seated right now at
the right hand of the Father. I'm
telling you, He's coming back again, but
He has a present for all of us.
Jesus took all those things on the
cross for us; we don't have to have it
now. But some people
don't have the faith to believe for
healing, or the cure for cancer, or diabetes. Jesus paid the price for everybody to have health and healing. Sometimes He uses medicine to help folks that don't know how to believe
by faith, and that's
just the mercy of God.
What I'm trying to tell you is
that He told me He is giving a
supernatural wisdom to this man
that was mixing stuff.
I saw the company name and where
it was located. I'm praying over it still;
you can pray with me. I'm not going to
give that out yet
because I don't want
any
demonic attacks trying to come against this.
I
believe God is going to do
what He said He would do.
The
company does exist. They
are
working with supplements
right now, but I don't
even know if they know
about it yet. I see things
in part and
hear in part,
sometimes years
in advance. There have been times whenever
He has told me to pray for companies
that didn't even exist yet.
He'll give me a name and
spell it out
in a vision.
I'll try to Google
it,
and it doesn't exist yet, but He says, "I
want you to intercede for this
name."So
I pray over the
name
for
months
or
years. All of a sudden,
He'll say,
"Brandon, that company has
been birthed and it is existing now. I
want you to go Google it,"and it's there.
I'll look at their
mission, and it's usually for
health and wellness.
Then I see other
companies try to attack
with
lawsuits because the
devil doesn't want people to be restored.
His mission is to
kill, steal, and destroy, but the Lord said,
"I have come that you might have life and
life more
abundantly."He
wants us to live in the
overflow of life with joy unspeakable
and full of glory.
There
are
dark days
and hard times because we're
in the last of the last seconds before
Jesus Christ comes back, but I'm telling
you, folks, there is an anointing on
healing, deliverance, growing out
limbs, and creative miracles that we
have not even yet
seen.
Good days are
coming; blessed days are coming.
Another thing the Lord showed me:
there's going
to be Black Swan events
coming—distractions
from the Deep
State—that
we'll have to
pray against. The enemy is trying
to distract and cause things
not to happen that God wants to happen.
But we all know the devil's
defeated and we have
authority over
him.
I told you
all about EVs and the green
agenda being pushed.
I saw an article
stating that people
were losing
interest in EVs because of range
anxiety.
The Holy Ghost warned me that
events are going to come to try to
discourage
people from gasoline and
sway them toward EVs because
of gas prices going up again. I saw gas
prices going high and lines for gasoline,
like
in the 1970s.
The Lord warned me about
lines for gasoline
because they couldn't get the gas into
the stations.
These
things are trying to manifest again.
Just letting you know,
this is something to be on alert about.
These men's agendas are going
to fall. They think they're gods,
but I'm telling you, Dad
is
about ready to
spank some rears. I saw a
man that I pray about a lot who
is
over a lot of dark agenda. The
Lord warned me,
"Brandon, I'm going to
deal with that, and it's going to be
something that happens
overnight."I
looked up the man's age;
he's in his elderly years.
He's going
to go home soon.
Judgment
is
coming. I saw him being
dealt with, and
it was
very concerning to me because I know
this man is not born again.
There
are
going to be people in
high positions that God is going to start
to deal with, and they'll be here
one minute and gone the next.
The Lord warned me that
there's
an acceleration of seed
time and harvest.
People walking in
darkness and evil
will
reap what they sow. There's going
to be an acceleration of good and
an
acceleration of
bad.
When we see these people who have
been sowing bad, they're
going to sow and reap what they've sown.
But
when you've sown good
things—your
tithes,
your offerings,
your time,
taking care of the widow and the
orphan—you're
going to
start reaping an amazing harvest.
Supernatural
increase is coming to your
house. You're going to start to see
the manifestation of
what you sowed within a couple of hours
because
seed time and harvest is
accelerating.
We're also going to see the darkness
start to reap what
they've sown: perversion,
sex trafficking, drugs,
and
prostitution.
God said, "I'm bringing
judgment on this
stuff."You
see these people practicing
evil and think they're getting
away with
it?
They're not.
Payday is
coming, and it's going to be a bad
payday for these people.
If you're one of them,
you better turn before
you burn. It's time for you to repent and
ask
the
Lord Jesus Christ to forgive
you.
If you confess your sins,
He is faithful and just to forgive you.
Your time is running out.
I had an email
from a man in Australia
who
was raised in an abusive Christian home.
He
died and went to hell, and he saw all the
things in hell.
He was
tormented beyond comprehension.
Hell is real, and so
is heaven. Out of
His mercy, the Lord brought this man back, and he
is now
born-again
and
spirit-filled.
But
time is running out.
As in the days of Noah, so will it
be when the Son of Man returns.
The door of the Ark is
getting ready to close.
There
are
people
who
mock me and
call
me
a false prophet,
but I don't care. I'm going
to keep telling you: Jesus is coming.
They mocked Noah
until
that
first drop hit their forehead.
The time is coming when the
Rapture occurs and
we're changed in the twinkling
of an eye.
You can
turn your life
around right now. Run from sin,
run from the devil.
Some people
feel like they have a devil and need
deliverance. You should know the truth,
and the truth will set you
free. Find scriptures about being
free—that
"the wicked one
touches
you
not."Feed
your spirit.
The more you get in the
Word and renew your mind, the
more you
will be
set free.
Smith
Wigglesworth used to carry a
New Testament in his pocket and read
it
every 15 minutes.
That's how you do it.
You've
got to fill yourself up
because we leak.
This
is
what's going to set you free from
demonic spirits.
If
you
don't
fill
yourself up with the Word,
they're going to come back with eight
more of their friends.
Stay free, renew your
mind,
and
take communion daily.
Father, I thank You for
every person
watching. I thank You, Lord,
that
they
are
healed and whole.
They
are
delivered from cancer,
diabetes, and heart disease.
You put it on my heart
this morning to pray for people
believing for babies. I thank
You, Lord, that in
2024, they will have that child.
If You did it for Abraham and Sarah,
You will do it for them.
We speak
to the seed of the man
and
call it
fertile.
I speak
to women's ovaries and their
Fallopian
tubes. Their
vines
will not cast fruit before
the time.
I
see
someone
about
to
have a baby boy.
I thank You, Lord, for new
kidneys, new hearts, new discs, and new
tendons.
We curse infection in prostates and command it to go in the name of Jesus.
We thank You for
deliverance
from demonic spirits.
I
take authority over bipolar disorder
and
PTSD.
I
call
healing over
their
minds.
I
saw someone being
tormented in their sleep
with
recurring
nightmares.
You are
delivered from that in
the name
of Jesus.
I
hear
the Spirit of the Lord say,
"Anoint your bed
and
your home with oil."This is a
demonic spirit sent to
torment
you. Anoint your forehead
before you go to bed and put a
bloodline over your mind.
He gives His beloved
sweet
sleep. This is just a little imp devil; it's not a principality. It looks
like a little monkey in the spirit realm. Get it out of here.
Those days are done. I plead the blood over
you. Jesus loves you. No more torment of PTSD.
Anoint your mind with
oil
too.
Jesus knows your heart.
Surely
goodness and mercy will follow you all
the days of your life.
I call everyone healed,
whole, and
delivered.
Amen.
If you could,
please click the notification bell,
like,
and
subscribe.
You're
helping to get the
gospel out and get people
saved around the world.
Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you.
Bye-bye.